the technology of x-men spy movies could come to the rescue of
compulsive gamblers but this is not the acclaimed series to point a system to
the finish is finished has created a microchip that does not prevent the
flankers sect graal video lottery devices but the beach
in fact I think after months
Thaksin himself did not do the weight of the device
does not work
for me it does not invent
in Paris
for two years chantal notter works on a control system
electronic
who after his compulsive gamblers to play
the principle is quite simple an electronic chip placed under the skin
thursday night who wish it an impact most likely the minutes
new joy
porlamar
the presence for the laying of a lot of sea
be careful not to take part
the results do not allow any doping problem
for the Gypsy children the sector must be installed in each of the
video lottery machines
when a player who missed a subcutaneous chip approaches the screen
second way it is possible to play
she uses her version of the facts in a report
when you ask for the bar though the solution goes through the devices of
video lottery
then at afp the place is important
to review the votes with samples
to be able to sell a normal life with mavuba bring out his own his next
technology could also be ruled out in casinos and future
play room
the chip would sound an alarm eight minutes we are dead when
player will come back in September we must not forget that
the person who will have some will talk about drifts to five days
in a lot of equipment 50 hundred years told rob horne benefits from
need
thereafter to enable the operations that followed the project is
currently under study
mystery of health
presented to loto-québec
obviously a whole symbol
10:09
of human rights issues related to long-term growth '
he estimates he is creating about $ 1000
by after
to implement the control systems so little according to him in
comparison of the biases made that they could be made
imeda bergerand radio-canada